Docs/gpu (#1)
jnolis/dask: docs/source/gpu.rst

GPU-accelerated libraries for large computations
------------------------------------------------

Tools like PyTorch and TensorFlow both have the capability to use GPUs as well as the ability to
train a single model across many machines. This has very practical applications: large models like
`GPT-3 <https://arxiv.org/abs/2005.14165>`_ are trained on clusters of computers in this manner.
Dask can be used as a straightforward manner of coordinating such a cluster to train a model. while
there are benefits to using Dask for training very large models, there may still be speed
improvements for training models with fewer parameters as well.

.. image:: images/gpu-1-libraries.png
   :alt: Training a model over GPUs across multiple workers
   :width: 80%

To take one example, PyTorch has the
`DistributedDataParallel <https://pytorch.org/tutorials/intermediate/ddp_tutorial.html>`_ (DDP)
library that allows machines to concurrently train the same model and share results after each data
batch. With Dask, each worker can be passed the Python code to train a machine learning model, then
the DDP library will share the results so the model trains faster.

> Dask does not need to know that any of the code it's running uses GPUs. So long as the Dask client
> can pass the code to a scheduler and then then worker machine can run it Dask will work.
> Thus, there is little special setup required on the Dask cluster itself to have the GPUs work.
> Instead the setup happens within the Python code that will be run, ensuring the particular library
> like PyTorch has the appropriate dependencies met.

Reviewer: I think this paragraph can be simplified maybe something like:

```suggestion
Dask does not need to know that any of its tasks use GPUs. As long as the worker has access to GPUs and the environment has been configured with the necessary packages, Dask will work.
```

                type="video/mp4">
    </video>

`Dask and V100s for Fast, Distributed Batch Scoring of Computer Vision Workloads <https://developer.nvidia.com/gtc/2019/video/s9198>`_

Having parallel tasks use GPUs
------------------------------

Tasks like running experiments of different parameters of a machine learning model on a GPU

> can be extremely parallelized. Dask can be used to run each experiment trial concurrently,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
are embarrassingly parallelizable. Dask can be used to run each experiment trial concurrently,
```

Author: So I think it previously said embarrassingly but I took it out because that seemed overly negative. Do you think embarrassingly won't like turn away new people?

dramatically speeding up the process. Parallelizing experiment runs can be useful with or without
GPUs, however because models that are trained on GPUs often take an especially long time to train

> there is a lot of benefit in this situation especially.

Reviewer: Is this why? I thought there was something special about GPUs that made them particularly well-suited for parallel computing.

Author: We talked about this in a zoom call, but I think the answer is "sort of", Like GPUs can run many concurrent computations (which is how they do video games graphics quickly), but given a task that runs on a single GPU and then running the same task concurrently with multiple GPUs is no better than having a single task on a CPU that is then run multiple tasks currently on multiple CPUs. I'll try and make this clearer

.. image:: images/gpu-2-experiments.png
   :alt: Running GPU experiments across multiple workers
   :width: 80%

> High level data collections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dask Collections
```

Probably best to just use standard dask terminology
